The weather is nice this autumn,
and the carrots
taste even better.
We ran the Takarazuka Kinen
since I last wrote.
Air Groove
I can't make it…
Silence Suzuka manged to keep her lead!
The favorite, Air Groove, has come in third!
Team Spica has been doing extremely well.
Yes, people should keep their eye
on Team Spica in the upcoming races.
I just become more and more
enamored with Suzuka-san.
And…
Mejiro McQueen-san has joined Team Spica.
Everyone, welcome her.
Welcome to Team Spica.
This seems familiar.
Nice to have you.
What are you doing?
Let your guard down, huh?
I'm going to get you.
Stop it!
We've got ourselves another troublemaker.
What do you mean, "another"?!
Are you sure you should be
the one saying that, Scarlet?
That's rich coming from you!
She gets along especially well
with Gold Ship-san.
It feels like fate.
Then we went to the beach on a trip.
Let's do this!
Yeah!
We held a barbecue at the beach.
The training we did was tough,
but it was fun spending
time with everyone there.
We did squats on the beach,
push-ups on the beach,
and Twister on the beach.
We even took our quizzes on the beach.
Why do we have to do this on the beach?!
And tomorrow is our festival.
Fall Twinkle
Series Fan Festival
Here, here, and here…
I wonder what the most efficient
way to see everything is…
Suzuka-san is all excited, too.
Do you hear the fanfare as
we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
If we just start to run, that's
where our story will begin
It's always waiting right in front of us
If you reach out just a little
more, we can seize that glory
Aim for the top, challenge
them all, and it's off to the races
Even the goddess of victory will be dazzled
By your big debut that's just around the bend
So can you hear the fanfare
as we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Let's overtake them all! It's
a track laid out just for you!
Your dreams are at the finish if you believe
Race 6
Autumn Skies and Horse Girls
Fan Festival
Twinkle Series
Let's all have fun together today, okay?
Of course!
We will now begin our
Autumn Twinkle Series Fan Festival.
Fan Festival
Twinkle Series
Please enjoy your time here.
It's the president's voice!
Teio-san?
Spe-chan, I'll talk to you later.
President!
Huh?
You're the coolest!
We were all supposed to
spend time together…
All right!
GoldShi Lunches
We're going to make tons of money today.
You look cute and get customers.
Hmm?
Huh? Why do I have to do this…
Let go of me!
I want to have fun with everyone!
Now, where should we start?
I'm checking out all of them.
Can you keep up with me?
What was that?!
I'm going to beat you!
Hey! That's a false start!
Everyone's leaving…
Spe-chan, let's go.
You get the most out of
a festival by having fun.
Right!
Shaved Ice
Superball
Choco Carrots
Takoyaki
Kiddie Expedition Team
All right, everyone! Follow me!
Hishi Amazon
You look like you're having fun.
You didn't want to do this at first.
Wh-What?
Well, you look like you're having fun, too!
But I never said I didn't want to do this.
Narita Brian
One down!
The next one is over there!
So fast!
Why are they running?
Because it's fun.
Fan Festival
Twinkle Series
Rigil
Butler Café
Welcome back.
Air Groove
Let us toast to our destined union.
T. M. Opera O
Let us spend this miraculous time together.
Fuji Kiseki
Miss.
I think it was this shop…
Oh!
Miss,
here's your Royal Earl Grey.
Symboli Rudolf
The president is too cool!
Hey, everyone! Look!
The president is so cool, isn't she?
President!
Mis-fortune Telling
Matikanefukukitaru
Meisho Doto
Your luck for today…
…is terrible!
T-Terrible?!
Can't we save her somehow?
Like keeping a lucky item on you.
You need yakisoba!
Yakisoba?
McQueen, help me out again!
There's too many people,
and we're not selling…
Looks like the yakisoba came to you.
Again?
I guess I'll have to help you out.
G1 Fried Carrots
Suzuka, let's work hard
at the next Mainichi Okan.
Eishin Flash
Nice Nature
Yes.
I'm honored to be able to run with you.
H-Honored? That's too much.
I feel pretty good about this next one.
A lot of people talk to Suzuka-san.
She's really great.
The 33rd Eating Grand Prix
is coming to an end!
Shocker! Eating Competition
Fan Festival
Oguri Cap is in the lead!
Followed by Super Creek.
Super Creek
The real battle starts after we get half way.
Oguri Cap
This is good.
Who will win the prize,
this giant stuffed donut?
Grand Prize
Inari One
Tamamo Cross
That's Ogurin for you.
She's called a big eater for a reason.
But…
I really, really want that plushie!
Tamamo Cross is starting to catch up!
I would expect no less from Tamamo Cross-san,
but I can still do this!
I can do this!
They're fighting for the lead!
These are good.
I win!
Oh my! Tamamo Cross and Oguri Cap have
raised their hands at the same time!
I couldn't do this.
What was that?!
Hold on a second!
Judge
Deliberations
The judges have signaled that
they're going to deliberate!
We would like to check the video record
to determine the winner.
Deliberations
Fan Festival
Twinkle Series
What happened?
The contestants wait with bated breath.
Super Creek has thrown donuts
onto Oguri Cap's plate!
There did seem to be a bit much.
A bit?!
Super Creek has been eliminated
due to her interference.
Okay…
Oguri-san, I'm sorry for
giving you the donuts.
I'm sorry for eating your donuts, too.
Oguri Cap has won the 33rd Eating Grand Prix!
Shocker! Eating Competition
Fan Festival
I lose…
Tamamo Cross…
Here.
What's going on?
I…
I just wanted to eat some donuts.
Ogurin!
Fan Festival
Don't call me "Ogurin."
You're so nice…
Sounds like you wanted
to join in, too, Spe-chan.
That's so good!
I can't have more than one, though.
We start training again tomorrow.
Grass-chan, the Mainichi Okan is going
to be your comeback race, right?
Yes, I'm excited to get
to run with Suzuka-san.
I'm excited, too.
I might not be able to run
with you next year, after all.
Um, Suzuka-san, what do you mean,
you might not be able to run next year?
I was going to tell you
when things settled down,
but I'm thinking of trying my luck overseas.
O-Overseas?!
Oh my.
I need to win races here in
this country first, but…
Sorry for telling you while
we're eating like this.
It's okay. It's your future.
Suzuka-san's going to continue forward…
I'm always watching her from behind.
Suzuka-san, a winner in top form.
Grass, a junior champion.
I'm joining the race, too, then!
What?!
I want to be the best in
the world. That's my goal.
For that, I need to beat the two of you!
M-Me, too, then!
You're going to be in
the Kikkashou, aren't you?
Oh yeah, that's right…
I'm going to be champion…
I'm going to catch up to everyone.
I need to focus.
Lucky…
Hey.
We did it.
We went everywhere.
Are you okay, you two?
We might be more tired now
than when we're training.
That's finally over.
I'm tired of making money.
You're tired, too?!
I didn't expect that it would have
been okonomiyaki, not yakisoba.
I'm so unlucky.
I'll get you something sometime.
Hey, everyone.
What do you think?
Do I look good?
Teio-san, you look cool!
Yay.
That's the butler outfit
from Rigil's café, right?
I got them to let me try it out.
Now everyone, let us go home together.
You've basically betrayed us.
What are you talking about?
You cheater!
Ow, ow, ow!
Come back to Spica!
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow…
I'd better get out of here
while I have the chance.
Hey, what are you thinking?
How can you tell what I'm thinking?
Let go of me, already!
That was fun, Spe-chan.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Huh?
I didn't really do anything!
I haven't really talked with people
since I joined this school.
But I think I've changed a lot
since you came here.
R-Really?
Yeah.
Ever since I was young, I've always
felt something while I'm running.
I want to keep that sparkling green
before me, and never take my eyes off it.
I had so much fun running, but then…
Every time I trained hard or raced,
it stopped feeling like that.
But I didn't want to give
up on running being fun.
I wanted to see that
beautiful green again.
So I thought I might be able
to find it again with Spica.
Suzuka-san…
Rigil is a good team, too,
but with the way things
are now, running is fun again.
That's why I've wanted to enter more races.
So that's why you want to go overseas…
I'm having a lot of fun now.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
It's so pretty!
Spe-chan is always honest about her feelings,
and she's with me…
Suzuka-san, it's my first time
seeing fireworks this big.
It's so much fun.
Yeah.
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
I know it's just after the Fan Festival,
but we can't let our guard down.
Right!
Grass!
What is it?
I said we'd make only minor changes.
Why are you doing things that
aren't part of the plan?
It's okay.
I'm not tired yet…
I am the one who'll decide that!
I want to win, no matter what,
in the Mainichi Okan.
At this slow rate…
You don't have to rush.
You don't have to worry about my injury.
I'm completely healed up.
But you're far from being ready to race.
The Mainichi Okan will be important,
but your goal should be to win a G-I race.
But…
This is all for your sake.
It's from the customer over there.
I'll take the check.
Hey!
I see…
You're working harder than
anyone for Grass Wonder.
You should know just how
bad an injury can be.
Yeah.
If a horse girl who's running
seventy kilometers an hour falls…
And the girl isn't the only one hurt by it.
Anyway, Spica's doing well right now.
Still letting them do whatever they please?
It's best to let them feel good running.
I wonder why you act so confident.
The same goes for you.
Anyway, Hana-san.
I have something important to say.
Wh-What is it?
Just for tonight…
You think you could get this for me?
Mom,
Suzuka-san is even more excited than usual.
I want everyone to do well
in the Mainichi Okan.
This year's Mainichi Okan is
attracting far more spectators
than you would expect for a G-II race.
Silence Suzuka from Team Spica
is the one to keep an eye on.
Spica's doing well right now.
Team Rigil's sure to put on a good show, too.
Hey, the race is going to begin.
We'll make it with time to spare.
It's going to be
Rigil versus Spica in this race.
Spica's pretty strong right now.
Look at all this merch I bought!
Everyone's talking about Spica,
and we're coming through!
What plan did you give Suzuka-senpai?
Nothing, really.
Again?
It's best to let her run the way she wants.
Well, we know how this is going to turn out.
The question is whether
or not the two from Rigil
can keep up with Silence Suzuka.
That's right.
It's been ten months, and she's back!
The undefeated junior champion!
It's Grass Wonder!
I've worked for this day.
I don't want to lose.
She's won all of her races.
She's got her eye on the global stage.
It's El Condor Pasa!
Let's do this!
Will she show us her
graceful speed again today?
It's Silence Suzuka!
She looks like she's here to fight this time.
Who knows who'll win in this lineup?
It's time for the Mainichi Okan!
Here we go!
Did Grass Wonder get a late start?
She's remaining calm, though.
I still have time to make my move.
And Silence Suzuka, of course,
makes it to the front.
She's followed by Nice Nature
and Eishin Flash—
They're after Silence Suzuka.
El Condor Pasa is following behind.
When will she make her move?!
Silence Suzuka is staying
five horse lengths in the lead.
Suzuka isn't that far ahead.
We can do this, El, Grass.
That's the spirit.
Spe-chan, what's wrong?
I want to see what happens,
but I'm afraid to watch.
Grass Wonder is gaining from the outside!
They're making the third turn.
All right. This is the spot.
Grass Wonder is catching
up to Silence Suzuka!
Will she be able to catch her?
I'm going to catch up!
This is it!
Nice Nature is catching up!
I'm going to use this chance, too, then!
Eishin Flash is closing the gap, too!
I can do this!
This is it!
El Condor Pasa is making her move now, too!
Right at the end!
And now for the final dash!
They're trying to catch up to
Silence Suzuka at this point.
I can't move up…
I can't catch her.
Grass Wonder is falling back!
She's world class.
But!
I'm world class, too!
Go!
El Condor Pasa is catching up!
No, it's not enough…
It's not enough to catch up
to Silence Suzuka, though!
I should be able to win!
I'm going to win and get
onto the world stage!
I'm going to win here!
But Silence Suzuka is maintaining her lead!
Silence Suzuka is staying ahead!
Why…
Why can't I catch up to her?
No one has caught up to Silence Suzuka!
What an amazing horse girl!
Go!
Run!
Suzuka-san!
The horse girl with speed from
another dimension, Silence Suzuka.
She's come in first!
Suzuka-san!
Suzuka-san?
Maybe she didn't even notice
she passed the finish line…
Thank you, everyone.
Thank you, Spe-chan.
I lost…
For the first time.
I'm sorry.
It's fine.
You just have to peak during your next G-1.
I thought I had a chance at winning this one.
How about we go train again
so we can win the next one?
Oh, I have to do the Winning Concert.
You're so lucky.
Let's thank everyone for
their support up there.
She's world class…
But I'm getting my revenge in the Tennoushou.
Pretty Derby Channel
Silence Suzuka has come in first.
No one can stop Spica!
You're not going to keep winning.
Rigil's going to win in the end.
We did it!
We won!
Shut up!
In a dash, in a flash,
just a little more now,
each new race like a dream neverending
Every one of us will blaze a
trail aimed right for the stars
Together we'll run! Let's
go! Our starting gate!
With curiosity in hand, go tug
on tomorrow's tail and say hello
It's right there, so go on and close
the gap now (Right here and now!)
Can't play by the rules they tell
you! Gotta learn it all by experience!
If we just plan to run for the
end, everything will turn out okay!
Can't get me down,
hesitate, or go too slowly!
We know that deep in our hearts is a song
that sings "give it your all"! Make it shine!
In a dash, in a flash, just a
little more now, (Dash! Dash!)
every step like the wind
neverending (Zoom! Zoom!)
A twinkling star that we wear
on our sleeves (But only one!)
Let's let our hearts race
together as one! (Grow up! Shine!)
One more step, one more push,
just a little more now, (Dash! Dash!)
each new race like a dream
neverending (Zoom! Zoom!)
Every one of us will see
our path to the very end!
Let's run now, everyone!
Let's go! Our starting gate!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm